[hip] Move into hal/drivers and build by default (#16706)
openxla/iree: CMakeLists.txt

  endif()
endif()

#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# ROCm Default Target Configuration.
#
# ROCm does not have a stable instruction set like NVIDIA PTX; it requires

> # binaries specific to a target chip. In IREE, we can have various tests that
> # generates and runs the final deployable code. So for such tests we need to
> # make sure we give it the proper target chip and device bitcode path to link
> # against.

Reviewer: grammar errors, suggested a rephrasing

```suggestion
# binaries specific to a target chip. We have tests that generate and run
# deployable code which need to the proper target chip and device
# bitcode path to link against.
```

#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

set(IREE_ROCM_TEST_TARGET_CHIP \"\" CACHE STRING
  "Target chip for ROCm tests that need to compile device code. \

>    Defaults to \"\" to disable tests.")

Reviewer: Should these use "HIP" instead of "ROCm"? I'm not clear on the distinction, but we should be consistent.

Author: Yeah changed to HIP.

  endif()
endif()

#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# HIP Default Target Configuration.
#
# HIP does not have a stable instruction set like NVIDIA PTX; it requires
# binaries specific to a target chip. We have tests that generate and run
# deployable code which need to specify the proper target chip.
#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> set(IREE_HIP_TEST_TARGET_CHIP \"\" CACHE STRING
>   "Target chip for HIP tests that need to compile device code. \
>    Defaults to \"\" to disable tests.")

Reviewer: not sure if this empty string code/comment format is correct... how about this?

```suggestion
set(IREE_HIP_TEST_TARGET_CHIP "" CACHE STRING
  "Target chip for HIP tests that need to compile device code. \
   Defaults to empty string to disable tests.")
```

  set(IREE_HAL_DRIVER_CUDA_DEFAULT OFF)
endif()

> # HIP support is enabled by default if not cross compiling. Note: a HIP-compatible

Reviewer: I guess we should also update https://iree.dev/guides/deployment-configurations/gpu-rocm/ (somehow)

Author: Yup. I'll do that next, once we have python packages including it. (probably need to update the doc page in some major ways too.)

> # HIP support is enabled by default if not cross compiling. Note: a HIP-compatible
> # GPU with drivers is still # required to actually run HIP workloads.

Reviewer: formatting

```suggestion
# HIP support is enabled by default if not cross compiling. Note: a HIP-compatible
# GPU with drivers is still required to actually run HIP workloads.
```
